From an anonymous slave
Today was not the first time I had sessioned with Princess Lucina. I first came across her web site about six months ago and from the moment i saw the pictures of her clad in her SS Uniform I was captivated. After an exchange of e mails I arranged a visit. It was wonderful. Everything and more than I had hoped for.

The second visit was even better and so today I made my third pilgrimage. I had already supplied a detailed scenario. I was to play the role of a captured British agent in Nazi occupied Europe. As I sat in my cell clutching my trousers around my waist (They had taken away my belt) I resolved that I would not give away my contact details and relied heavily on my religiious beliefs to help me .Soon I was ushered into the presence of the beautiful "Major Monika"

With a cruel smile she ordered me to" put my hands on my head". As I did so my trousers dropped slowly to my ankles. As she flicked her crop around my cock and balls she to;d me how stupid and undignified I looked. I certainly felt it! Bravely I gave her my name rank and serial number and told her I could and would not tell her anything else. Laughing she looked me in the eyes and promised "that before the day was out I would be licking her boots and begging for mercy. NEVER! I replied. Soon I was secured to the whipping bench. I gritted my teeth as her crop beat a tattoo of pain across my buttocks. Eventually the beating stopped. Lifting my head she looked into my eyes again. "This is just a warm up " she smiled. Ready to talk ?" I shook my head. "NO

Next I found myself on the upright whipping frame. Despite my terrible predicament I could not ignore her dark beauty or the teasing glimpse of cleavage that nestled in the V of her uniform jacket. Tying a lenght of strong cord arround my balls she began to viscously pull and stretch my balls to the absolute limit. "Contact name password telephone number" she asked over and over again. Still I resisted.
Now she lit a candle and as she waited for the wax to form she repeated her questions. The hot wax was excruciating. Eventually to give myself some respite I gave her my password (not much use without the name and phone number). Still the wax dripped onto my cock and that cruel smile never left her face.

After a while the "Major" told me she required some lunch and would be back soon. "Don't go away" she called laughingly over her shoulder. I don't know how long I hung there it seemed an eternity. My throat was parched and my body ached. The sound of booted feet in the hallway heralded her return and I was consumed with terror. She carried a glass of water. Taking a sip she asked me if I would like some. "Please "I nodded. With a wicked grin she threw the lot in my face. "More questions first I think".
Now I found myself on the interrogation bench. "What now I "wondered. My question was soon answered as she began to attach electodes to my cock. There were still traces of water on my body. This could be interesting she giggled noticing the droplets that lingered near my cock and balls. I could feel my resolve slipping quickly away. I was right ! Questions followed by jolts of electricity and still her beautiful face was wreathed in cruel smiles. I'm ashamed to say I told her evrything but still it continued. "Just making sure" she smiled almost apologetically.

When I was finally released I did what she promised I would. I licked her boots. I begged for mercy. Willing to do anything rather than face more pain. Her smile was now one of tirumph as she led me through a series of utterly degrading tasks.
Finally she prodded my tortured cock with her crop. "Entertain me " She palced her hand on the black electrics box..."Unless" Utterly broken. I took my cock in my hand. "Go on " said smirking. DO IT !!!

A journey to Lucina
by slave ian

The fields and towns of England lie below,
Cotton clouds float in the empty air.
This grand perspective on my mind bestows,
A sense of power and freedom, pure and rare.
Yet I travel to a higher place by car,
Beyond where man’s mere instruments can measure.
Bound towards a dark, majestic star,
To serve and suffer for Lucina’s pleasure.

A letter
from slave paul

Hello Princess Lucina. Thank you very much again for our session on yesterday. I'm sorry I couldn't e-mail you last night. I had some problems with my internet connection.

You are very beautiful. The pictures on your website look great, but they don't do you justice. I was very nervous when I arrived, but you made me feel comfortable, which I am also very grateful for. I would also like to thank you for giving me so much of your time, not only for the session itself, but with speaking to me on the telephone before-hand and of course helping me to find my way to you.

I have received the pictures. Thank you for these also. I will have a look at the website in a couple of days as you said. Eek! Once again, thank you for both your kindness and cruelty.( An experience I shall never forget ). I would love to see you again soon. This will probably have to be post-xmas though :-( Rest assured, I will let you know as soon as I am able to visit again.

Take care of yourself. Speak to you soon. Love Slave Paul xxxx

A letter
from slave phil

My Princess Lucina, I am writing to let you know how much I enjoyed our last session and cannot wait until the next.

Princess you are an exceptionally beautiful domme and despite your youth you are very experienced - the best I have experienced.

Princess you are very tactile and you communicate all the time with your beautiful eyes and sensual voice.

Princess I liken our sessions to a sensual roller coaster. You take me to levels I have not experienced before – a wonderful balance of sensual and painful sensations. Absolutely wonderful. However you take great care to build up slowly but when you want, Princess, the pain can be severe, but you do it such a nice, almost soothing, way.

Princess, you are wonderful but even more wonderful in your catsuit & cape. I love to worship you all over wearing your lovely catsuit. You are so powerful in your swishy cape and I love to serve you in any way I can.

Princess I am here to please you and I will seek to do this better every time we meet.

Princess, until next time…

Your loyal slave phil